the videos captured during the robberies
and uploaded to social media are the
work of Arielle summers and Dean Taylor
a couple followed by millions of people
on social media
hi my name is Arielle and for as long as
I can remember I knew I was going to be
famous I never really seen you around
here before
we straw it's such a small town need to
get out of Florida
maybe somebody will want to come with me
it's a miracle we're gonna need some
cash
hope you like green you're in luck I'm
excited I created a new account 3000
followers why would you post that
something like this could make us famous
let's go out some fun you guys have been
busy millions have been called a
modern-day Bonnie and Clyde what about
me how do you think this ends I ain't
made to be no housewife
I don't know what this could do for us I
don't even know what this is anymore
[Music]
nothing like a good old-fashioned bank
robberies
you